Brief Notes For W/C 03/02/25

After this week daily notes will be made to better attribute time spent and keep track of tasks.

Monday-

10:30 - 11:00 Met with Helen to explain medical issues and get a general catchup on the project as I missed last week due to said issues. Established what I'm going to be doing with the mmp and ensured I was on the right track in
terms of project outline and git etc

11:00 - 11:30 MMP Tutorial

14:00 - 15:00 MMP Lecture (Not sure whether to count)

Spent 5 hours during the rest of the day to set up my git, populate the issue board and figuring out how to get a unity project on git.
This invovled making use of git lfs, so I opted to use unity version control for the actual project backup

Wednesday-
Spent 4 hours- Formatted document for project outline and wrote the actual contents of the document. This was sent to Helen to review.
This relied heavily on the document formatting from the SE module, so I spent some of this time further adjusting the git repo to match that.

Thursday-
15:00 - 16:00 MMP Lecture

Spent 2 hours - Began researching feature driven development. This took two hours due to working on the train, should usually only take one.
Haven't made notes on this as I feel it just directs the path I follow for my project, but will add the references to the project outline.
(Does this need notes)?
Helen also replied on thursday, indicating my project outline was good, so it just needed a final spellcheck and proof read.

Friday/Sat at home and travelling for medical tests so no work done.

Sunday-
Spent 3 hours -
Made rough figma designs for main menu, settings menu, pause menu, hexagonal grid system and the game UI.
This is because I haven't started development due to travel, so the designs will allow me to jump in much quicker instead of having to design mid way.
Also created a timetracking spreadsheet, to ensure I'm commiting enough time to the project.
Finally wrote these notes and will be proofreading the project outline ready to submit tonight, and add the FDD references.
I expect this will take nomore than an hour, but will adjust the time spent accordingly.

